Hi and welcome to this lecture
in which I'm going to look
at a couple practice exam questions
to make you understand how they're structured,
and how you should answer them, or think about them.
Now, if you attempt these practice questions as well,
you may get them in a different order than me.
So, don't freak out if your question number one
is not the same as my question number one.
I recommend you attempt all questions on your own,
and then watch with me some of these questions
to understand how I am thinking
and answering these exam questions.
So, let's have a look at this question.
So, a user needs to automatically discover, classify,
and protect sensitive data stored in Amazon S3.
Which service meets these requirements?
So, we have Inspector, Macie, GuardDuty,
and Secrets Manager.
So, Inspector is for inspecting EC2 instances mainly.
Macie is to actually do that,
to protect sensitive data in Amazon S3.
GuardDuty is for the protection
of your account automatically.
And Secrets Manager is to source secrets.
So, Macie is going to be the correct answer.
And from an example perspective, as you can see,
those questions are pretty straightforward.
There's a definition and you need to choose a service.
That is usually mostly like this.
So, here we have one question
about which service allows customers
to purchase unused EC2 capacity.
at an often-discounted rate.
So, we have reserved instances, on-demand,
dedicated and spot instances.
You can look again at the lecture,
but reserved is when you know you want an instance
for one or three years.
On-demand is the default mode to launch instances
and you can terminate them whenever you want.
Dedicated instance is when you want dedicated hardware
and spot instances is exactly that,
to purchase unused Amazon EC2 capacity.
Now, a company is hosting a static website
from a single Amazon S3 bucket,
which service will achieve lower latency
and high transfer speeds?
So, we have four options.
We have Beanstalk, DynamoDB Accelerator, DAX, Route 53,
and Amazon CloudFront.
So, Beanstalk is to launch Java
or Node.js application all in one through one service,
so this is not that.
DynamoDB accelerator is used
to accelerate DynamoDB itself, so it's not the answer.
Route 53 is for networking and DNS.
And finally, we have Amazon CloudFront,
which is used to be used with Amazon S3
to exactly achieve lower latency
and high transfer speeds of the data by caching the data
of Amazon S3.
directly in CloudFront.
Okay, so a company is moving all
of their development activities to AWS
and the company wants a solution to store
and manage their developer source code.
So here we have code artifact, code build, code pipeline,
and code commit.
And from a definition perspective,
if you go back to that section, this is code commit,
where you commit your code,
where you store and manage your developer source code.
Now, if you don't know what code artifact is or code build,
just remember that you just need to know
what the right answer is, not necessarily
what the other answers may be.
Okay, so next we have,
what are the advantages of deploying an application
with Amazon EC2 in multiple availability zones?
And here we have two answers, and it says select two.
So, we know we have to select two answers.
So, preventing a single point of failure
is definitely a correct answer
because we have multiple availability zone.
It's not to reduce the cost
because now we have more availability zones being used.
It's not to serve cross-region
users with low latency because,
well, availability zones are within the same region.
It's definitely used to increase the availability
of the application.
This is why it's called high availability.
And finally, it's not to increase
the load of the application
because actually you're doing to spread the load
of the application between multiple zones.
Okay, so a company has an on-premises Linux-based server
with an Oracle database that runs on it.
The company wants to migrate the database server
to run on Amazon EC2 instance in AWS.
Which service should the company use
to complete the migration?
So here we have AWS database migration service,
and we're migrating a database,
so we may want to think about this.
Migration Hub is to oversee migrations overall,
so this is not the correct service.
AWS Application Migration Service is a service
to migrate servers, so it could be a possible answer.
And AWS Application Discovery Service is
to discover applications to migrate.
So, here we have two answers that may seem possible.
We have the Database Migration Service
and the Application Migration Service.
And it turns out that the correct answer is going to be C.
So, why is it going to be C?
Well, it turns out that you want to migrate a database, yes,
but you're migrating into an Amazon EC2 instance.
And so, as such, you actually want
to migrate the Linux-based server onto Amazon EC2.
It doesn't matter that the Linux-based server
is running an Oracle database.
And so therefore, this is a little trick question,
but database migration service is used to migrate a database
to a database service.
And when we have Oracle database, yes.
but the target is not Amazon RDS,
it is Amazon EC2 instances.
So as such, we want to do a migration of a server,
and therefore, we migrate a Linux-based server
to an Amazon EC2 instances,
and this is going
to be AWS Application Migration Service, or MGN.
So, that's it.
For this, I'll let you attempt
the other questions on your own.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.